To make the BlueZ Bluetooth process run in real-time whenever its service is started in Ubuntu, you will need to modify the service configuration and potentially assign real-time priorities to the relevant processes. Here are the general steps to achieve this:

Check Service Configuration:
First, identify the service that manages the BlueZ Bluetooth process. Typically, it is managed by a systemd service. You can check the service status and configuration using the following command:
systemctl status bluetooth

Create a Real-Time User Group:
To run processes with real-time priorities, you need to create a dedicated group for this purpose and add your user to it. Open the /etc/security/limits.conf file for editing:

sudo nano /etc/security/limits.conf
Add the following lines to the file to define your real-time group and assign real-time priorities:
@realtime_group   -       rtprio     99
@realtime_group   -       memlock    unlimited
Replace realtime_group with the desired group name.

Add Your User to the Real-Time Group:
Add your user to the group you defined in the previous step:

sudo usermod -aG realtime_group your_username
Replace your_username with your actual username.

Modify the Service Configuration:
You will need to modify the systemd service configuration for Bluetooth to run with real-time priorities. Open the service file for editing:

sudo nano /etc/systemd/system/bluetooth.service
Add the following lines under the [Service] section to set the process priority and run it with real-time capabilities:

# Set the process priority to real-time
Nice=-20
CPUSchedulingPolicy=rr
CPUSchedulingPriority=99
Save and exit the file.

Reload and Restart Services:
Reload the systemd daemon and restart the Bluetooth service to apply the changes:

sudo systemctl daemon-reload
sudo systemctl restart bluetooth
Verify Real-Time Priority:
You can verify that the Bluetooth process now has real-time priority by checking its status:

systemctl status bluetooth
Look for lines indicating the nice value and scheduling policy, which should reflect the changes you made.

Please note that modifying the priority of system services, especially those related to hardware like Bluetooth, can have unintended consequences. Ensure that you fully understand the implications of running a process with real-time priority and test thoroughly to ensure system stability and Bluetooth functionality.